{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Problem Sheet 6 Notes\
\
Step 1\
The network of neurons exemplifies a random spiking pattern, mimicking white noise. Over time, no clear pattern of firing is noticeable. \
\
Step 2\
Changing the mean current from 0 to 0.5 increased the spiking density, meaning more neurons spiked more often, however the pattern is still random and mimics white noise. A higher current increases the spiking rate as more neurons would reach the threshold earlier. \
\
Step 3 \
Changing the mean current back to 0 and changing the amplitude of noise from 1 to 0.5, significantly reduced the white noise of spiking. Few neurons spiked, indicating that noise was an essential factor to spiking the neurons, as noise would push the current just to pass the spiking threshold. \
\
Step 4\
Mean current increases from 0 to 0,75. Amplitude of noise reduces from 1 to 0.25. This resembles more the case from step 2. Current increase is significantly more impactful than a noise reduction. \
\
Step 5\
The input current decreases in amplitude and in variability as the size of the network increases from 500 to 50,000 neurons. \
\
Step 6\
In this repetition of step 5, the weights scaled with 1 / sqrt(N) and thereby the variability of the input did not change. }